# CSCI-4000-Assignment-2-solution

Download Here: [CSCI 4000 Assignment 2 solution](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/csci-4000-assignment-2-solution/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Question 1 – PHP Chapter 2 & 8 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save the files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment2\q1\”. (1 point)  Create web page(s) that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. (3 points)  Create your page(s) using “’s Employee Net Pay” as the page title(s) (

Question 2 – PHP Chapter 2 & 8 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save the files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment2\q2\”. (1 point)  Create web page(s) that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. (3 points)  Create your page(s) using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Sequence” as the page title(s) (Question 3 – PHP Chapter 2 & 8 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save the files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment2\q3\”. (1 point)  Create web page(s) that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. (3 points)  Create your page(s) using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Magic Rectangle” as the page title(s) (

Question 4 – PHP Chapter 2 & 8 & 9 (25 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save the files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment2\q4\”. (1 point)  Create web page(s) that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. (3 points)  Create your page(s) using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Secret Scroll” as the page title(s) (

Important: 1. If you do not put / in the above mentioned fields (as shown in the examples), you will get 0 points for the question(s). 2. No two students should submit webpages with exactly the same code, content, layout, or color combination. If found, both students will get 0 points. 3. Before adding PHP code, all html files must pass html validation at https://validator.w3.org/ without any error (and with only 1 warning). Use the validator’s “File Upload” tab to check each file. a. index.htm file must be validated. b. When you view page source in a web browser, must be at the top of every page. In other words, all pages must be written in HTML5. (-20 points if not) c. You don’t need to validate index_process.php after adding php code. If any html error is found, 2 points will be deducted for each error. Please validate the file before adding PHP code. 4. All css files must pass css validation at https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ without any error. 5. If your files do not pass the html and css validations, 2 points will be deducted for each html or css error found (no deduction for php error at html validation). 6. Document (comment) your HTML files (), CSS files (/* */), and PHP files (/* */ OR //). Points will be taken off for insufficient comments (, /* */, //). Submission instructions:  You need to test all document(s).  Do screen capture(s) of the input and the related output(s). Use any graphic editing software (e.g. Microsoft Paint, Adobe Fireworks, GIMP, or Microsoft Expression Design etc) to cut out the browser output (from the screen capture), paste them into a word document.  Provide 2 different test cases for each question. In other words, for each question, you may need to have 2 input screen captures and 2 related output screen captures.  Do screen capture(s) of html validation results (index.htm files only) and css validation results (style.css file only), cut and paste them into the word document. If you use the same style.css file, you only need to do screen capture of one style.css file.  Save the word document as a pdf file. You need to submit the following: 1. A pdf file containing the screen capture(s) of the web browser input and output pages, and the screen capture(s) of all html validation results (from https://validator.w3.org/) and css validation results (from https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/), name the file lastname_firstname_assignment2.pdf. 2. All html file(s), php file(s), css file(s), and other related files (e.g. image files). Zip your file folder (lastname_firstname_assignment2) into a single zip file (or rar file) lastname_firstname_assignment2.zip. In the above example, the zip file should contain the following files and subfolders. If there is any image, there should be a \images\ subfolder.  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q1\index.htm  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q1\index_process.php  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q1\style.css // you may put style.css in a subfolder  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q2\index.htm  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q2\index_process.php  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q2\style.css  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q3\index.htm  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q3\index_process.php  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q3\style.css  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q4\index.htm  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q4\index_process.php  lastname_firstname_assignment2\q4\style.css Please submit the above mentioned two files (.pdf and .zip) to D2L digital dropbox.



